README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
👨‍💻 2nd year CSE student @ VIT Chennai  <br>🌐 Web Dev enthusiast | Frontend basics sorted  <br>☁️ Beginner in AWS & exploring cloud possibilities  <br>⚡ Learning, building & shipping projects one step at a time<br>
🌍 Trying to figure out the web (and sometimes the world) <br>
🎨 UI/UX tinkerer on Figma (aka moving shapes until they *look right*)  
⚡ Fun fact: Most of my projects start with "What if I just..."  

---

### 🌱 What I’m up to:
- Building tiny projects that may or may not break your browser 🚀  
- Learning by failing fast (and googling faster)  
- Looking for collabs, memes, or both 🤝😂  

---

### 📬 Connect with me:
- Drop me a DM here on GitHub  
- Or just send me memes, I reply faster to those  


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-kumar-mitra-335626336/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:work.shubham.dev@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Jasmine](https://img.shields.io/badge/jasmine-%238A4182.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jasmine&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![EA](https://img.shields.io/badge/ea-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ea&logoColor=white) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Alfred](https://img.shields.io/badge/alfred-%235C1F87.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=alfred) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/steam-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=steam&logoColor=white) ![Epic Games](https://img.shields.io/badge/epicgames-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=epicgames&logoColor=white) ![TOR](https://img.shields.io/badge/tor-%237E4798.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tor-project&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mitra9917&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=mitra9917&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mitra9917&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=mitra9917&icon=0&color=1)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README.md with portfolio link

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
👨‍💻 2nd year CSE student @ VIT Chennai  <br>🌐 Web Dev enthusiast | Frontend basics sorted  <br>☁️ Beginner in AWS & exploring cloud possibilities  <br>⚡ Learning, building & shipping projects one step at a time<br>
🌍 Trying to figure out the web (and sometimes the world) <br>
🎨 UI/UX tinkerer on Figma (aka moving shapes until they *look right*)  
⚡ Fun fact: Most of my projects start with "What if I just..."  

🌐✨ Want to see my work in action? [🚀 Live Portfolio Demo](https://portfolio-shubham-mitra.netlify.app/) – a small showcase of my projects, experiments, and web dev journey so far.  

---

### 🌱 What I’m up to:
- Building tiny projects that may or may not break your browser 🚀  
- Learning by failing fast (and googling faster)  
- Looking for collabs, memes, or both 🤝😂  

---

### 📬 Connect with me:
- Drop me a DM here on GitHub  
- Or just send me memes, I reply faster to those  


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-kumar-mitra-335626336/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:work.shubham.dev@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Jasmine](https://img.shields.io/badge/jasmine-%238A4182.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jasmine&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![EA](https://img.shields.io/badge/ea-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ea&logoColor=white) ![Uber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Uber-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Uber&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Alfred](https://img.shields.io/badge/alfred-%235C1F87.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=alfred) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/steam-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=steam&logoColor=white) ![Epic Games](https://img.shields.io/badge/epicgames-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=epicgames&logoColor=white) ![TOR](https://img.shields.io/badge/tor-%237E4798.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tor-project&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mitra9917&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=mitra9917&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mitra9917&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=mitra9917&icon=0&color=1)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
